Good morning. Before you start doing anything, please keep in mind that stepping on areas without any shadows is against the game rules. Good. Now you may use w, a, s, d, spacebar, and mouse to control yourself. Look for the NOITATROPELET TELEPORTATION DEVICE 2001 and step on it. If the device works correctly, it should bring you to the next room. Good luck.

Before we introduce you to the NOITATIVEL LEVITATION DEVICE 2002, we have got some good news and some bad news. Bad news is, the NOITATROPELET TELEPORTATION DEVICE 2001 did not work correctly, therefore you are not where you are supposed to be right now. Good news is, the NOITATROPELET TELEPORTATION DEVICE 2001 did bring you closer to the anime world, so keep teleporting.

You may have figured it out that everything is able to step on its own shadow, like the movable glass column over there for example, therefore the rule we stated earlier can not happen. However, unlike everything, you do not have a shadow. This is thanks to the RORRIM MIRROR DEVICE 2003 that we attacched to you. The device allows all light rays to reflect and pass through you at the same time, rendering your body both visible and shadowless.

The movable glass column we mentioned earlier was also one of our devices. It can take any shape, any size and will still be able to be pushed around freely. The reason we called it the movable glass column instead of the SOMETHING SOMETHING DEVICE 2004 was because its name was exactly the SOMETHING SOMETHING DEVICE 2004. Everyone found it extremely uncomfortable to say out loud, so we went with the movable glass column instead.

Congratulations. The fact that you are currently in the same room with the RALOS SOLAR DEVICE 2005 means you are halfway there. To activate the device, simply click and drag the purple thingy in the corner on top of it. Since there is not much to look at here, I think it is time for me to introduce myself. I am CIRE, an observer of this facility. My job is to find out which one of our devices is the most useful for the operation H U Q.

Have you ever wondered what the game rules we were talking about are. Well, to put it simply, you are playing a game, and every game has rules. That might sound like some 4th walls have been broken but worry not, we can just come up with a story about the player being injected with SOMETHING SOMETHING CHEMICAL 2006 that makes you unable to step on the sunlight. Maybe we should go with that for the next player.

Remember when we said the glass column could take any shape, any size and would still be able to be pushed around freely? By any shape, any size we meant absolutely any shape and any size. If you find this room to be too difficult, please just bear with it. We want to inform you that there is no prizes for clearing the game, at least for now, so we do not have anything to motivate the players.

Guess what, you have finally reached the anime world. In front of you is our newest game, BEWITCHED ANGEL YOUTHFUL LOVE, which should be coming out right after the conclusion of operation H U Q. Anyways, in all seriousness, you have finished the demo version of The Rooker. We thank you for your cooperation and hope you can support us for our next products.